Love is patient; love is kind; love is not envious or boastful or arrogant or rude. It does not insist on its own way; it is not irritable or resentful; 1 Corinthians 13:4-5
Rejoice always, pray without ceasing, give thanks in all circumstances; for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus for you. 1 Thessalonians 5:16-18
Do not worry about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your minds in Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:6-7
Keep these words that I am commanding you today in your heart. Recite them to your children and talk about them when you are at home and when you are away, when you lie down and when you rise. Deuteronomy 6:6-7
Blessed are those who trust in the Lord, whose trust is the Lord. They shall be like a tree planted by water, sending out its roots by the stream. It shall not fear when heat comes, and its leaves shall stay green; in the year of drought it is not anxious, and it does not cease to bear fruit. Jeremiah 17:7-8
So I tell you, whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours. Mark 11:24
Let all that you do be done in love. 1 Corinthians 16:14
The Lord bless you and keep you; the Lord make his face to shine upon you, and be gracious to you; the Lord lift up his countenance upon you, and give you peace. Numbers 6:24-26
I pray that, according to the riches of his glory, he may grant that you may be strengthened in your inner being with power through his Spirit, and that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith, as you are being rooted and grounded in love. Ephesians 3:16-17
Commit your work to the Lord, and your plans will be established. Proverbs 16:3
Let me hear of your steadfast love in the morning, for in you I put my trust. Teach me the way I should go, for to you I lift up my soul. Psalm 143:8
But those who wait for the Lord shall renew their strength, they shall mount up with wings like eagles, they shall run and not be weary, they shall walk and not faint. Isaiah 40:31
For surely I know the plans I have for you, says the Lord, plans for your welfare and not for harm, to give you a future with hope. Jeremiah 29:11
Do not fear, for I am with you, do not be afraid, for I am your God; I will strengthen you, I will help you, I will uphold you with my victorious right hand. Isaiah 41:10
You shall worship the Lord your God, and I will bless your bread and your water; and I will take sickness away from among you. Exodus 23:25
They answered, “Believe on the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household.” Acts 16:31
With all humility and gentleness, with patience, bearing with one another in love, Ephesians 4:2
May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, so that you may abound in hope by the power of the Holy Spirit. Romans 15:13
For we walk by faith, not by sight. 2 Corinthians 5:7
Now faith is the assurance of things hoped for, the conviction of things not seen. Hebrews 11:1
Whatever your task, put yourselves into it, as done for the Lord and not for your masters, since you know that from the Lord you will receive the inheritance as your reward; you serve the Lord Christ. Colossians 3:23-24
Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not rely on your own insight. In all your ways acknowledge him, and he will make straight your paths. Proverbs 3:5-6
Do not let loyalty and faithfulness forsake you; bind them around your neck, write them on the tablet of your heart. So you will find favor and good repute in the sight of God and of people. Proverbs 3:3-4
May he grant you your heart's desire, and fulfill all your plans. Psalm 20:4
Jesus said to her, "I am the resurrection and the life. Those who believe in me, even though they die, will live, and everyone who lives and believes in me will never die. Do you believe this?" John 11:25-26
And this is the boldness we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us. 1 John 5:14
Each of you must give as you have made up your mind, not reluctantly or under compulsion, for God loves a cheerful giver. 2 Corinthians 9:7
The Lord will keep you from all evil; he will keep your life. The Lord will keep your going out and your coming in from this time on and forevermore. Psalm 121:7-8
When I am afraid, I put my trust in you. Psalm 56:3
Above all, clothe yourselves with love, which binds everything together in perfect harmony. Colossians 3:14
Rejoice in hope, be patient in suffering, persevere in prayer. Romans 12:12
If my people who are called by my name humble themselves, pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin and heal their land. 2 Chronicles 7:14
O Lord, you are my God; I will exalt you, I will praise your name; for you have done wonderful things, plans formed of old, faithful and sure. Isaiah 25:1
So we have known and believe the love that God has for us. 1 John 4:16
And now faith, hope, and love abide, these three; and the greatest of these is love. 1 Corinthians 13:13
Therefore, my beloved, be steadfast, immovable, always excelling in the work of the Lord, because you know that in the Lord your labor is not in vain. 1 Corinthians 15:58
When you pass through the waters, I will be with you; and through the rivers, they shall not overwhelm you; when you walk through fire you shall not be burned, and the flame shall not consume you. Isaiah 43:2
Be careful then how you live, not as unwise people but as wise, making the most of the time, because the days are evil. Ephesians 5:15-16
Now I appeal to you, brothers and sisters, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that all of you be in agreement and that there be no divisions among you, but that you be united in the same mind and the same purpose. 1 Corinthians 1:10
I hereby command you: Be strong and courageous; do not be frightened or dismayed, for the Lord your God is with you wherever you go.” Joshua 1:9
Jesus said to him, “If you are able!—All things can be done for the one who believes.” Mark 9:23
It is the Lord who goes before you. He will be with you; he will not fail you or forsake you. Do not fear or be dismayed." Deuteronomy 31:8
Devote yourselves to prayer, keeping alert in it with thanksgiving. Colossians 4:2
But ask in faith, never doubting, for the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, driven and tossed by the wind; James 1:6
One who forgives an affront fosters friendship, but one who dwells on disputes will alienate a friend. Proverbs 17:9
I have said this to you, so that in me you may have peace. In the world you face persecution. But take courage; I have conquered the world!" John 16:33
For in Christ Jesus you are all children of God through faith. As many of you as were baptized into Christ have clothed yourselves with Christ. Galatians 3:26-27
A generous person will be enriched, and one who gives water will get water. Proverbs 11:25
Why are you cast down, O my soul, and why are you disquieted within me? Hope in God; for I shall again praise him, my help and my God. Psalm 42:11
and be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving one another, as God in Christ has forgiven you. Ephesians 4:32
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and the God of all consolation, who consoles us in all our affliction, so that we may be able to console those who are in any affliction with the consolation with which we ourselves are consoled by God. 2 Corinthians 1:3-4
Whoever pursues righteousness and kindness will find life and honor. Proverbs 21:21
Call to me and I will answer you, and will tell you great and hidden things that you have not known. Jeremiah 33:3
We love because he first loved us. 1 John 4:19
All scripture is inspired by God and is useful for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for training in righteousness, so that everyone who belongs to God may be proficient, equipped for every good work. 2 Timothy 3:16-17
My flesh and my heart may fail, but God is the strength of my heart and my portion forever. Psalm 73:26
Train children in the right way, and when old, they will not stray. Proverbs 22:6
Then when you call upon me and come and pray to me, I will hear you. Jeremiah 29:12
But be doers of the word, and not merely hearers who deceive themselves. James 1:22
"Come to me, all you that are weary and are carrying heavy burdens, and I will give you rest. Matthew 11:28
Can a woman forget her nursing child, or show no compassion for the child of her womb? Even these may forget, yet I will not forget you. See, I have inscribed you on the palms of my hands; your walls are continually before me. Isaiah 49:15-16
"But who am I, and what is my people, that we should be able to make this freewill offering? For all things come from you, and of your own have we given you. 1 Chronicles 29:14
O give thanks to the Lord, for he is good; for his steadfast love endures forever. 1 Chronicles 16:34
Indeed, the word of God is living and active, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing until it divides soul from spirit, joints from marrow; it is able to judge the thoughts and intentions of the heart. Hebrews 4:12
About midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the prisoners were listening to them. Acts 16:25
And let us consider how to provoke one another to love and good deeds, not neglecting to meet together, as is the habit of some, but encouraging one another, and all the more as you see the Day approaching. Hebrews 10:24-25
How very good and pleasant it is when kindred live together in unity! Psalm 133:1
Put on the whole armor of God, so that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. Ephesians 6:11
By contrast, the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, generosity, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control. There is no law against such things. Galatians 5:22-23
For if you forgive others their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you; Matthew 6:14
Jesus said to her, "Did I not tell you that if you believed, you would see the glory of God?" John 11:40
Therefore encourage one another and build up each other, as indeed you are doing. 1 Thessalonians 5:11
Do nothing from selfish ambition or conceit, but in humility regard others as better than yourselves. Philippians 2:3
No one has greater love than this, to lay down one's life for one's friends. John 15:13
And if I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but do not have love, I am nothing. 1 Corinthians 13:2
Just as water reflects the face, so one human heart reflects another. Proverbs 27:19
For I, the Lord your God, hold your right hand; it is I who say to you, “Do not fear, I will help you.” Isaiah 41:13
Jesus looked at them and said, "For mortals it is impossible, but not for God; for God all things are possible." Mark 10:27
For the Lord gives wisdom; from his mouth come knowledge and understanding; Proverbs 2:6
Let everything that breathes praise the Lord! Praise the Lord! Psalm 150:6
Do not adorn yourselves outwardly by braiding your hair, and by wearing gold ornaments or fine clothing; rather, let your adornment be the inner self with the lasting beauty of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is very precious in God's sight. 1 Peter 3:3-4
My child, keep your father's commandment, and do not forsake your mother's teaching. Proverbs 6:20
Though the fig tree does not blossom, and no fruit is on the vines; though the produce of the olive fails and the fields yield no food; though the flock is cut off from the fold and there is no herd in the stalls, yet I will rejoice in the Lord; I will exult in the God of my salvation. Habakkuk 3:17-18
Whoever is slow to anger has great understanding, but one who has a hasty temper exalts folly. Proverbs 14:29
but Jesus said, "Let the little children come to me, and do not stop them; for it is to such as these that the kingdom of heaven belongs." Matthew 19:14
For God did not give us a spirit of cowardice, but rather a spirit of power and of love and of self-discipline. 2 Timothy 1:7
Now the Lord is the Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is freedom. 2 Corinthians 3:17
You are a hiding place for me; you preserve me from trouble; you surround me with glad cries of deliverance. Psalm 32:7
Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ loved the church and gave himself up for her, in order to make her holy by cleansing her with the washing of water by the word, Ephesians 5:25-26
For from him and through him and to him are all things. To him be the glory forever. Amen. Romans 11:36
You did not choose me but I chose you. And I appointed you to go and bear fruit, fruit that will last, so that the Father will give you whatever you ask him in my name. John 15:16
So let us not grow weary in doing what is right, for we will reap at harvest time, if we do not give up. Galatians 6:9
But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. 1 Corinthians 15:57
He heals the brokenhearted, and binds up their wounds. Psalm 147:3
Therefore confess your sins to one another, and pray for one another, so that you may be healed. The prayer of the righteous is powerful and effective. James 5:16
Keep your heart with all vigilance, for from it flow the springs of life. Proverbs 4:23
Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing of your minds, so that you may discern what is the will of God—what is good and acceptable and perfect. Romans 12:2
For where two or three are gathered in my name, I am there among them." Matthew 18:20
Your word is a lamp to my feet and a light to my path. Psalm 119:105
"For God so loved the world that he gave his only Son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life. John 3:16
We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, who are called according to his purpose. Romans 8:28
I can do all things through him who strengthens me. Philippians 4:13
In the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth, Genesis 1:1
Do not worry about anything, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving let your requests be made known to God. Philippians 4:6
Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, Matthew 28:19
Cast all your anxiety on him, because he cares for you. 1 Peter 5:7
But he said to me, "My grace is sufficient for you, for power is made perfect in weakness." So, I will boast all the more gladly of my weaknesses, so that the power of Christ may dwell in me. 2 Corinthians 12:9
but in your hearts sanctify Christ as Lord. Always be ready to make your defense to anyone who demands from you an accounting for the hope that is in you; yet do it with gentleness and reverence. 1 Peter 3:15-16a
And without faith it is impossible to please God, for whoever would approach him must believe that he exists and that he rewards those who seek him. Hebrews 11:6
For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. 2 Corinthians 5:21
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Psalm 46:1